To All to Whom these presents shall come, I James Roberts, Son of Keith Roberts, aged 40,
residing at 45, Queens, NYC
Whereas I am desirous of appointing some fit and proper person to look after all my immovable
properties, business and other affairs and requested Emily Thorne, Daughter of Edward Thorne,
aged 29, residing at Mynders avenue, LA (hereinafter called ‘the Attorney’) to act for me and
manage and look after my affairs which the Attorney has consented to do
NOW KNOW YOU ALL AND THESE PRESENTS WITNESS that I, the said and do hereby
appoint the said Attorney as my true and lawful Attorney with full power and authority to do and
execute all acts, deeds, and things as hereinafter mentioned.
To contract with any person for leasing for such period at such rent subject to such conditions as
the attorney shall see fit, all or any of the said premises and any such person, to let into
possession thereof and to accept surrenders of leases and for that purpose to make and
execute any lease or grant or other lawful deed or instrument whatsoever which shall be
necessary or proper in that behalf.
To pay or allow all taxes, rates, assessments, charges. deductions, expenses and all other
payments and outgoings whatsoever due and payable or to become due and payable for or on
account of my said lands, estates and premises.
To enter into and upon my lands and buildings and structures whatsoever and to view the state
and defects for the reparation thereof and forthwith to give proper notices and directions for
repairing the same and to let manage and Improve the same to the best advantage and to make
or repair drains and roads thereon.
To sell (either by public auction or private treaty) or exchange and convey transfer and assign
any of my lands and buildings and other property for such consideration and subject to such
covenants as the Attorney may think fit and to give receipts for all or any part of the purchase or
other consideration money And the same or any of them with like power, to mortgage charge or
encumber and also to deal with my immovable personal property or any part thereof as the
Attorney may think fit for the purpose of paying off reducing consolidating, or making substitution
for any existing or future mortgage. charge, encumbrance. hypothecation or pledge of the same
or any part thereof as the Attorney shall think fit and in general to sanction any scheme for
dealing with mortgages, charges hypothecations or pledges of any property or any part thereof
as fully and effectually as I myself could have done.
To purchase, take on lease or otherwise acquire such lands, houses, tenements and immovable
property generally as the Attorney may think fit or desirable.
To enter into any development agreement with any developer or builder authorising him to
develop any of my properties as mentioned above and to do and execute all acts and deeds as
may be required to be done or executed.
To continue and or to open new, current and or overdraft accounts in my name with any Banks
or Bankers and also to draw cheques and otherwise to operate upon any such accounts.
To engage, employ and dismiss any agents, clerks, servants or other persons in and about the
performance of the purposes of these presents as the Attorney shall think fit.To settle any account or reckoning whatsoever wherein I now am or at any time hereafter shall
be in anywise interested or concerned with any person whomsoever and to pay or receive the
balance thereof as the case may require.
To defend any suit or legal proceedings taken against me in any court of law and to do all acts
and things as are mentioned above.
To accept service of any writ of summons or other legal processes or notice in any suit or legal
proceedings and any person to represent in such court civil or criminal, or revenue court or
tribunal or before any officer or other Tribunal whatsoever.
To exercise any power and any duty vested in me whether solely or jointly with another or others
as executor, administrator, trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity (including powers and trusts
to sell or lease land or to receive and give good receipts for money) so far as such power or
duty is capable of being validity delegated.
And also to appear before the Registrar or Sub – Registrar of any District or Sub-District
appointed or to be appointed under any Act or law for the time being in force or otherwise for the
registration of deeds, assurances, contracts or other Instruments and then and there or at any
time thereafter to present and register or cause to be registered any deeds, assurances.
contracts or other instruments In which 1 am or may be by the Attorney deemed to be Interested
and to pay such fees as shall be necessary for the registration.
To enter into, make, sign, seal, execute, deliver, acknowledge, perform all engagements,
contracts, agreements, deeds, declarations, bonds, assurances and other documents, papers,
writings and things that may be necessary or proper to be entered into, made signed, executed,
delivered, acknowledged and performed for any of the purposes of these presents or to or in
which I am or may be party or in any way Interested.
In general to do all other acts, deeds. Matters and things whatsoever in or about my estate,
property and affairs or concur with persons jointly Interested with myself therein in doing all acts,
deeds, matters and things herein either particularly or generally described as amply and
effectually to all Intents and purpose as I could do in my own proper person if these presents
had not been made.
AND I, the abovenamed do hereby undertake to ratify whatever the Attorney or any substitute or
agent appointed by him under the power In that behalf hereinbefore contained may lawfully do
or cause to be done in and by virtue of these presents.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I, the abovenamed have hereunto set my hand this Monday day of 09
in the January 2023.
Signed, scaled and delivered in the presence of Harry Pollock
Note: The power of attorney clauses would be modified based on the requirements of the
Principal and Attorney